A certified Data and Solution Architect, I am a self-oriented professional with 14 years of solid background in Information Technology,DevOps, AWS and Azure. Throughout my career I have contributed to impacting business outcomes through effective organisation, prioritisation, and execution of key projects. I am independently motivated, yet I appreciate team efforts and collaborate
productively within groups. Additionally, I am knowledgeable in IT solution-building and platform evaluation with proficiency in strategic project planning. I have the analytical mind necessary to write code and the big-picture mentality to make it innovative and unique Collaborating with other developers not only honed my coding skills but also taught me, how to effectively work with others and subdivide tasks to improve efficiency and ensure smooth teamwork. During my job experience, I had practical skills with interesting technologies, tasks, and people. In the whole role of my engineering practice. I configured MLOPS Pipelines, Azure Data Factory Pipelines and created a Procedure Document, Pushed Code to Prod by using Azure DevOps CI / CD Pipelines, planned & executed the migrations of databases, data & applications from on-premises to Cloud. I successfully created Pipelines by using Cloud Composer (Airflow) to schedule the jobs from the on premises to GCP and run the code on BQ. Successfully authored a book named “MLOPS made easy” which covers how to take Machine learning model's into production with diligent approach I have worked on multiple aspects of infrastructure management (Linux, Storage, Cloud, Database DevOps) and resolved many technical challenges due to complex inter dependencies with other applications and software. I trained over 2000 students in Cloud and DevOps which includes corporates from various companies through Upgrad and Simplearn. I leveraged my skills in developing content for Advanced courses like Big Data on AWS and Azure Date Engineer. Recognized for training individuals on GCP Azure and AWS Cloud and helped them to get certified in the Cloud.  I am also Microsoft Certified Trainer and looking to be AWS Authorised Instructor.
I assisted clients in solving data problems and getting insights from the data which helped the business to take data-backed decisions and enhanced efficiency of the business.

<!---
sateeshcloud/sateeshcloud is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
